HTTP update: new stats (#21885)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/basics_of_http/evolution_of_http/index.md

- It compresses headers. As these are often similar among a set of requests, this removes the duplication and overhead of data transmitted.
- It allows a server to populate data in a client cache through a mechanism called the server push.

> Officially standardized in May 2015, HTTP/2 was incredibly successful. HTTP/2 peaked in January 2022, reaching 46.9% of all websites using it (see [these stats](https://w3techs.com/technologies/details/ce-http2)). High-traffic websites showed the most rapid adoption in an effort to save on data transfer overhead and subsequent budgets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Officially standardized in May 2015, HTTP/2 was incredibly successful. HTTP/2 peaked in January 2022, with up to 46.9% of all websites using it (see [these stats](https://w3techs.com/technologies/details/ce-http2)). High-traffic websites showed the most rapid adoption in an effort to save on data transfer overhead and subsequent budgets.
```

Reviewer: Though I'm not such a fan of "incredibly successful" value judgements, so an alternative

```suggestion
Officially standardized in May 2015, HTTP/2 use peaked in January 2022 at 46.9% of all websites (see [these stats](https://w3techs.com/technologies/details/ce-http2)). High-traffic websites showed the most rapid adoption in an effort to save on data transfer overhead and subsequent budgets.
